***Dasgupta***

***6.2***

We see the the input will always be in the sorted order

Secondly the penalty for the single day is (200-x)^2 hence if you travel more than the ideal or less 
than the ideal the effect is same  e.g. lets say I travel 5 more miles than the ideal then the penalty will be (200-205)^2=25
or lets say I travel 5 less miles than the ideal then the complexity will be (200-195)^2=25 .

Now once we have stayed in a hotel then the from the next day we will not consider the previous one,
in other words we start from scratch. We seem to be getting somewhere towards the optimal substructure.

Approach
Let A be the array containing the position of hotel where a1<a2<a3<a4<a5…… <an… Lets say stopped at a2 in the first day, 
from second day we will start fresh from i.e. out new array will be starting from a3 in this way we can exhaust 
the whole array ultimately finding the correct answer.


Let ***Cost(i)*** be the minimum cost of travel if we have i Hotels in the way with different respective values.
and say that ***Cost[0]=0*** If you want to travel from your starting point to starting point itself it will be zero. 


***Cost(i)  = min  1=<k<i ( Cost(k) + (200-  |(A[k] - A[i])|  )^2 )***

We see that the complexity of this is clearly T(n)=2^n

However if we used the memoization technique this complexity will be reduced to n^2


min 1<=k<i means that we have to select minimum amongst the i-1 elements

We say that to find the cost till i we will select the minimum k amongst the  i-1 elements, which will ultimately lead us
to the optimal solution.

python code

Recursive with memoization
```py

Array=[100,150,350,400,600]
memo=[-1 for _ in range(0, len(Array))]
memo[0]=0
def FindMinCost(A,i):
	
	if i==0:
		return 0
	if memo[i]!=-1:  
		return memo[i]
	# do not go recursive in loop if already the answer is in memo table.. IA
	else:
		minimum=sys.maxint
		for k in range(0, i):
			minimum=min(FindMinCost(A,k)+(200-abs(A[i]-A[k]))**2, minimum)

		memo[i]=minimum
		return minimum
```
Iterative Bottom up
```py
def FindMinCostIterative(A,n):
	Cost=[0 for _ in range(0, len(A)+1)]
	sequence=[]	
	for i in range(1, len(A)):
		minimum=sys.maxint
		for j in range(0,i):
			x=Cost[j]+(200-abs(A[i]-A[j]))**2
			if x < minimum:
				minimum=x
		Cost[i]=minimum
	return Cost[len(Cost)-1]
```
***we see that the complexity is O(n^2) with memoization. however without memoization it was more like bruteforce
apprach and had a complexity of O(2^n)***






